Graphical User Interface:









Home Panel:
This panel is main window that opens when the program runs. 
It displays the current running patient queue using a Jtable. 
It contains two buttons, one to add new patients and one to search patients that are already in the system. 


Add Patient Panel:
This panel is displayed after the add patient button is clicked from the home panel. 
It contains the basic patient information textfields that need to be entered to add the patient. 
It also contains a submit button that adds the patient into the database and will reflect in the current patient queue in the home panel. 
The necessary information to add a patient is label above each respective textfield; for example, the labels are first name, last name, address, height, weight, and date of birth.
There is also a back to home button that when clicked the window is changed from add panel to home panel.
Submit button and home button are activated through the ActionListeners.


Search Patient Panel:
In this panel the user can search for a specific patient by either entering the patient’s personal information such as name and date of birth or the user can enter the desired patient’s patient ID. 
The panel contains a search button that when clicked searches the database for the patient and displays the result of the search inside the result field Jtable. 
 There is also a back to home button that when clicked the window is changed from add panel to home panel.
If the patient entered into the search entry is not found in the database, then another dialog box will pop up to declare that the patient was not found. 


Logo:
We used various logos to make the appearance more professional.
First we searched for the desired logo such as a home logo for the back to home button.
Then we saved the logo in a file inside the package of the GUI program. 
Inside the hard code, we set the image of the logo to the desired location. For example, the back to home button logo was set as shown below. 



Layout:
We used a card layout for the JFrame so that each individual panel would act as cards; thus, enforcing only one panel to be displayed at specific times. 
In addition, we applied an absolute layout to each individual panel.
